For me to be standing here today is uniquely meaningful and brings up
many memories from the past. Exactly fifty years ago, in January of
1963, I was in military training as a new enlistee of the 111th class
(111 kih) of the Korean Air Force here in Yuseong. I spent two months
there for basic military training, and 9 months for technical training
in electronic communications equipment service. The month of January
was severely cold with a temperature of -20 degrees Celsius - it was
so cold in fact that the Incheon bay was frozen. In November I was
then transferred to the Air Force base in Kangneung, Kangwon-Do. I
recall that as I was waiting in Osan for an airplane to Kangneung, I
heard the sad news that President John F. Kennedy was shot to death in
Dallas, Texas, which was quite shocking.

In 2002, I was a visiting professor of KAIST and during that summer I
had the pleasure of watching the Korean National soccer team come from
behind to overtake the powerful Italian team 2:1. To this day, I
remember vividly those two dramatic goals scored by the Korean team,
and the sense of national pride and optimism.

Today, I return to Yuseong to serve as the new KAIST president. It is
a great honor, but the task to carry on is of national importance and
challenging in many ways.

KAIST was established in 1971 with its founding goals, as stated in
the KAIST constitution article 1, first, to educate and foster
top-flight future scientists equipped with rigorous basic theories and
capability for practical applications; second, to carry out both
long-term and short-term basic and applied research that enables the
nation's strategic technological advancements; and third, to provide
research collaborations with a diverse pool of research institutions
and industry

Under such a banner KAIST has led the growth of the science and
technology industry in Korea for the past 40 years since its
establishment and, has become a globally recognized distinctive
research university, thanks to the outstanding faculty and staff
dedicated to excellent research and the education of our future
leaders. Deep gratitude is also due to my predecessors, Dr. Nam Pyo
Suh and other former presidents and their administrative team members,
who have worked alongside them.

Today, many KAIST graduates are making notable contributions as
distinguished professors in higher education and pioneering
researchers in science and engineering fields.

Just a week ago, my wife and I were invited to a KAIST alumni
reception at the International Solid-State Circuits Conference (ISSCC)
in San Francisco, which was attended by many KAIST alumni, current
students and their professors, and guests. I learned that this year
once again, KAIST presented the most papers at ISSCC where the
standard bar of acceptance is quite high. This is just one more
indication of how KAIST is reaching new heights. The KAIST faculty and
students have published many papers in various globally-respected
journals such as Nature and Science.

KAIST must continue to go above and beyond these initial
accomplishments, and KAIST must be a powerful engine for the economic
and industrial advancement of Korea. As a nation lacking a deep pool
of natural resources, Korea must find innovative ways to compete
globally to ensure the prosperity and well-being of its people. KAIST
must do its best to lead the nation towards the frontiers of science
and technology with fervor and responsibility.

In coming days, KAIST should grow into a big fruit tree in the field
of research and education, trusted and respected not only in Korea,
but throughout the world. Starting from the Korean peninsula, its
roots should span beyond national boundaries, crossing over the five
oceans to many continents to draw in a rich and diverse set of
world-class ideas and innovations to produce its fruit - well-prepared
graduates who will be respected leaders and contributors to society.

A globally-connected education is essential in this age of increasing
trade enabled by advanced internet, supersonic aviation, and supersize
ships. KAIST graduates must be valued as innovators with in-depth
knowledge, creativity, capability for strong teamwork and clear
communication with fluency in languages. And wherever they go, they
can continue to spread their ethics, values, skills and knowledge, and
from that we can all watch as KAIST trees blossom worldwide.

The ultimate goal of science, technology and management lies in the
well-being of our society. And this well-being must be secured in
universities as learning houses, neighboring regions, the nation and
the world.

In its efforts to secure this well-being of the society, KAIST has
suffered growing pains amidst its remarkable growth. We must ease the
pain through trust and consideration for one another, and join in
unity to take the steps toward the brighter tomorrow of KAIST. I
humbly seek your help, and pledge to put forth my utmost effort as a
servant leader.

You may know of a movie called "The Mission". In this film, the
mercenary and slave trader played by Robert De Niro moves on from a
troubled life to follow a humble Jesuit priest and start his life
anew. In one scene, De Niro and the priest are climbing up a steep
waterfall cliff. When they completed the most difficult climb,
carrying with him a very heavy load of goods as a penance for his
sins, they were greeted by a group of native Indians, who cut off the
baggage and dropped it over the cliff. While it did not sit easy with
De Niro to have lost his once valued items, the burden was lifted from
everyone, and their lives continued forward.

To open a new chapter, KAIST must exert such courage. Instead of
arguing and blaming people for past wrongs, KAIST must collectively
focus on its future and do its utmost to carry out the important tasks
ahead. And we must help each other to release from our grasp those
things that will make our journey and our mission murky and
unnecessarily difficult. My wife and I are here to work with you for
building up KAIST for the sake of our mother nation.

The late spiritual leader Mahatma Gandhi warned against the big seven
sins. Among them the most relevant to KAIST are 'science without
conscience,' 'knowledge without character,' 'politics without
principle,' and 'religion without sacrifice.' We must strive to
promote science, knowledge, and character with a clear conscience,
uncompromising principles and willing sacrifice.

KAIST, in order to become a leader and contribute to science,
technology and industrial development, must do well in the following
five areas - each emphasized using the five letters in our
institution's name.

Firstly, "K" is for knowledge creation. Faculty members and students
will venture into pioneering research to create new knowledge and
technology. KAIST will collaborate with outstanding research centers
domestically in Daedeok Industrial Park and other places, and
internationally with others worldwide including those in Silicon
Valley. High-value knowledge creation often requires world-class
facilities and a supportive environment. We will do our best to
promote active support and engagement from government and other
leading organizations.

Lecture halls and professors' research laboratories are the wells of
new knowledge creation. In student-centered and faculty-led research
programs, motivated hard- working students, both graduate and
undergraduate, can greatly benefit from diverse and unique
opportunities. However, not all productive researchers are straight A
students. I remember an outstanding researcher at the University of
California, Berkeley when I was a graduate student. To him research
was paramount, and he spent days and nights in the laboratory
conducting experiments. He would still be at his bench past midnight,
even if an examination was to be given the next morning. He did not
get all As, but in knowledge creation, he was second to none. Soon
after graduation he began to amaze the world through many research
breakthroughs. KAIST must value and support such talents, otherwise it
is a national loss.

Interdisciplinary research will encourage exploration of untraveled
territory where many gems can be found. In a research university,
individual academic departments should be centers of excellence. It
can be compared to a perfect sphere or a ball. However, if the
knowledge space of KAIST is to be filled with spheres only, then 48%
of the entire space would remain unfilled, which is the space to
explore for earthshaking research.

Interdisciplinary research calls for faculty members from different
academic departments to closely collaborate by breaking walls and
overcoming inconveniences. Engraved at the entrance hall of Bell Labs,
Murray Hill, New Jersey is the teaching of Alexander Graham Bell which
asks to visit the unexplored territories to find new things.

KAIST needs to continually promote and support researchers to
participate in interdisciplinary research programs at institutes such
as KAIST Institute and others with conviction and enthusiasm.

Secondly, "A" is for advancement on all fronts. On January 30, Nara-ho
was successfully launched to circle the globe in order to gather and
transmit information that would benefit all people around the
world. And like Nara-ho, KAIST should launch itself to a higher
altitude to make our world a better place.

To become a globally leading institute, KAIST must do its best to
secure necessary supports both morally and financially. Every member
of KAIST must have an unshakable conviction that all things can be
done better, that innovative ways can be found and that things can
improve. Good habits should be built and practiced unceasingly. KAIST
will also find ways to improve its overall efficiency.

KAIST must find ways to strengthen collaborations with the Institute
for Basic Science and many research centers in the Daedeok Industrial
Park. It is well known that the success of Silicon Valley has hinged
on the research and education of the neighboring universities such as
Stanford, Berkeley, and San Jose State. Dean Frederick Terman of
Stanford University encouraged and helped William Hewlett and David
Packard to create the Hewlett-Packard Company.

The future blueprint of KAIST needs to be remade in consultation with
all its constituents and the Board of Trustees. Co-ownership of such a
blueprint can be cherished, sustained and realized with the full
participation of all.

Thirdly, "I" stands for Integrity. The integrity of KAIST will ensure
a consistently good balance between theory and practice, freedom and
principle, honesty and teamwork, and value and action. Integrity must
be valued and practiced in all research publications, financial
management, and human relations.

Several years ago I attended an international conference in Kos
Island, Greece. During this trip I learned more about the essence of
integrity through a legendary story. According to the story, a
sculptor was commissioned to produce a bust to commemorate a beloved
hero. But it was taking too long and the person in charge of the
project visited the sculptor and questioned why the product could not
be delivered immediately. To him it appeared to be done, but the
sculptor said he needed more time to finish the backside. In
frustration the visitor asked who would care to see the backside. The
sculptor's answer was, "My revered god sees the backside."

I believe a person or an organization with integrity can endure and
stand the test of time. Integrity should be a virtue of KAIST.

Fourthly, "S" is for sustainability. Education and research at KAIST
must ultimately seek the sustainable truth. Research themes themselves
must be sustainable and not overly driven by short-term goals. The
EEWS program addressed key global issues in Energy, Environment, Water
and Sustainability. With the success of sustainability-driven research
and development, KAIST will rise to be a top-echelon global leader in
science and technology. Sustainability-driven research will bloom
under much encouragement and support. Often research outcomes are
measured by a citation index, but no less important is the quality
assured by one's own conviction and trust.

I can elaborate on this point by quoting an example of Dr. Claude
Shannon who did research at AT&T Bell Labs and later became a
professor at MIT. He published sparingly but each of his publications
was a jewel. To this day, his information theory is broadly
applied. We need to support KAIST to make many sustainable
contributions of the same caliber.

Fifthly, "T" is for Trust. KAIST must be an institution which is
trusted by the government, its people, and parents of the
students. Trust is deemed as valuable as hard cash.

The culture of trust is made possible through understanding and caring
for one another's circumstances. Trust will take permanent root on
campus as a part of KAIST culture when the faculty, staff and
students, all members of KAIST community, listen and understand many
differing ideas and thoughts others hold and share each other's
accomplishments and sincere congratulations for one
another. Furthermore, when we dedicate ourselves to do our own parts
in the national and social endeavor in science and technology with
pride and a sense of responsibility, it will regain and strengthen the
trust the nation and the public, as well as the global society, hold
for KAIST. On a bigger scale, we also need to be a trusted institution
sought after by many professors and students abroad. With such trust
established, KAIST graduates and the people of Korea can find more and
bigger opportunities globally.

To summarize, KAIST should be outstanding in view of knowledge
creation, dynamic advancement, integrity, sustainability and trust.

KAIST has reached its place as a globally recognized university
through the wholehearted support of the people of Korea. I understand
that hauling KAIST to join the ranks of the world-leading university
aspired by the society through continuous change and innovation is the
only way to return the love and support of the nation, which is the
very the mission I was called upon to take on as I am inaugurated into
KAIST presidency.

Honored guests, family and friends, I would like to remark on just one
more rather important item before I round up my speech.

Last, but not least, I would like to congratulate the Class of 2017
for your achievements. You overcame fierce competition to come to
KAIST, and you have persevered through rigorous challenges to reach
this point. Although you may have agonized before making your decision
to enroll here, you have chosen wisely. All members of the KAIST
family will do their best to ensure your future success as you move
beyond these walls. My door is always widely open for you to visit,
and I will always welcome and value your questions, observations and
suggestions.

When it comes to education and guidance in general, please be assured
that KAIST professors and support staff members are here for students
and for their best education.

Class of 2017, may your success at KAIST and beyond be a magnet to
attract more talented high school students for a science and
engineering education. KAIST professors are your role models and can
be your life-long mentors and coaches.

Personally, even after more than 40 years since my graduation from
Berkeley, my wife and I go visit my teachers at Berkeley, Professors
Leon Chua and Ernest Kuh, to enjoy meals together and have intimate
conversations on many aspects of life. Just this month, they were
happy to hear of my inauguration as KAIST President and gave best
wishes for my new role at KAIST.

Dear honorable guests, I thank you for being here today to mark the
beginning of this new chapter at KAIST. I sincerely believe and ask
that your support will continue to advance KAIST and benefit all of
us, our nation, and the world.
